Jesus [Music]
bound High purple she work you high
purple high purple high purple you work you high
purple hot purple hot purple making pale Deuces
they paining Doom it was herses all over but the crying all that [__] they was trying at the gates of Babylon Money
Changes flipping tables rear Rangers hot purple slangers media Shield work you
it's a banger smile away from the tree line the man of rain riding into the
sunset Madia Dragon Venom jeweling the Lotus amethyst serpent the need for
antivenom is urgent Athena work it seash shell purple dialectric water flow
Castle Franco Vampirella bellisima the dope is high purple media she will work
you the circuit is an anal Lima to FAA the boss
heliocentric Cult of the crow Athena run the sky for the
Mio try a little bit of death of a cush on a trail head full of zombies original
sources ionic Omni High purple work you high
purple high purple high purple she work you high purple welcome
back to lady babyon oh don't you love teddy Bas orus thanks a lot for the song
and your craft I appreciate it uh chewy nice job on the is penetrating the
brains of the people it's wonderful Eyes Wide Open right um thank you for coming
back and I want to bring to you tonight something worthy of your attention I
want to warn you right from the beginning get your Splash bags out tonight is going to be extremely
difficult now you know you know it is a difficult topic when and it's not just one it's a
whole bunch right and Jesus and Jesus um but tonight we're
going to do something that may break the meter so what I'd like to
do is to be as professional as possible and to talk to you all people as you're
assembling to talk to you all
about something that is so deep within the rot
that we're going to have to completely just cover our okay so cover yourselves
tonight get going get it look I had the ship going we're going to get there but I've got to tell you at Al and
you I have decided to unplug from my
tutoring Hut I'm going to unplug because the was taking was taking
everything a lot and um I'm need to keep
the lights on I do so I'm restructuring I'm going to fly uh on my own and here's
what I'd like to do those of you at satanic congregation who have written to me said I'd love to be in this give give
me a place and time here's what I've got next week Tuesday I'll be starting a
class at my own Studio you just come to my studio and what I'd like you to do
I'm I'd like for you to send me an email do we have my professional email address
here get flash that up there chewy so people know so people know where to send
their stuff right the only thing we don't want is the nasty stuff not the nasty stuff
right keep it keep it right we fly Virgin Air this is wonderful um there we
are there we are there's the address I want you to send me an email right now
if you've done this before uh that doesn't count okay so
here's what I want you to do I want you to send an email to me as an application State on the title
application so I'll know this is an application and all I want you to do is in that email I want you to tell me
where you're coming from and where you'd like to go and
where you'd like to go with Mother Greek that's what I want to do and I'm going
to take nine of you I'm gonna take nine of you and I'm going to put you into a
course I'm GNA put you into a course twice a week one
hour this is an advanced platoon that I am starting to generate
now if this is successful I'll fill in I can teach four
of these a day um twice a week without stressing my heart yeah that's about
what you can do because it takes a lot of prep man and you got to be in the zone right and you're dealing with people one on-one boom boom
boom right so um this is a special we got a special dispensation from the
devil I just talked to him fantastic as my way of paying my bills
and what I can do is I can give it to you in a at a rate that's way reduced
because when I was working for the Hut when I was flying for Joba right um You had to they charg
crazy crazy you're your average poor person look we're poor people right your
average poor person can't afford Harvard right well they can afford they can
afford um tutoring they can afford tutoring and it'll be at almond
Studio yeah and I can get it to you if I can get us to four classes I can get you
down I can get you down to you know a rate that is just you know able to keep
my lights on yeah and and uh yeah and otherwise um feed yeah Feed Us yeah I
love it chewy love it um yeah I don't know I don't know um this is what I'm
having to do I'm going private so but in the meantime I am going to
select the bravest those who will stick to
it and those who have that infatuation the crazy of the
crazies right anybody in that ecstatic ring I'm I'm going to feed you I'm going
to feed you Greek and it's going to open your brain okay that's what we're going
to do twice a week it's going to be a Tuesday and Thursday next week so please in the next few days send me your apps
if you want if you want and you know and here we go we're gonna bring this thing
to life it's it's brought me to this position that freedom from the Hut means
uh giving you something right this is compared to um compared to any sort of
uh education you buy right this is the education that
should be for everybody and so as long as I can keep my lights on I can keep
doing it because if they shut them off I'm not going to be able to take flight everybody knows that so devil was like
huh yeah I suppose I can see you sure you want do I was like oh it was very reasonable it's a very reasonable
session I was like Daddy anyway give me the what do I want you people to do
tonight we're going to go in deep we're g to go in deep now and I want to bring
you these sources and I want you to look at them we are landing what's the target tonight late first century into the
second anod domy we are picking the time why are we doing that there's a reason
we're picking the time when the accounts of the New Testament
are being written being recorded so we're taking a sample of the language
the same language that's being used in the New Testament and I'm going to bring you tonight what am I going to bring you
I'm gonna bring you you knew what I was going to do okay we're going in to an initiation
and I want you people to be respectful to be respectful okay nobody says
anything nobody jumps out of line I want you to see it through mother Greek it's
gorgeous um let's do some comments first where did those other two go that you brought did you put those up or no no
those other two comments okay you did um this is the second Bible scholar who has
made their field look like a joke I thought he was going to have a legit rebuttal to Almond's claim of the child
trafficker but nope that word just means something different in New Testament Greek it's called Street Greek LOL it's meaning in all
other Greek books doesn't matter yeah exactly so here's one side of the coin
you see that this is a person who's handling the evidence right and looking
to the people the detractors to say what what can I do with the evidence they
don't they never do it's what makes us so strong and them so weak okay now this
is the other side of the coin give me the next one watch this alond hman is not a Biblical scholar and his expertise
does not apply to biblical scholarship you're right my expertise
doesn't apply to biblical scholarship and I'm glad that it doesn't because
your garbage is so bad that the head of Dallas seminaries Greek program wouldn't
come on the air to talk to me about what a Christ is
yeah weak weak stuff okay next
comment next comment oh what is this who is this from Hana like that was dozing
off in bed and woke up to keep it hard all the time now I'm wide awake do you
see I told you I would come to you in your dreams more
important than a love letter is the dream visit yes oh my God what is he talking about
give me the next one give me the next one I don't think I've ever seen a podcast with an actual nonhuman
intelligence I resent that nonhuman intelligence until now wait does that
mean oh I see there's a reason it knows so many ancient languages and is wearing
that man like a robe it's a it's a demon possession
right who do you think I'm possessed by who do you think I'll give you one guess
one guess I'm the one that slept with Eve oh God don't you love it isn't it
gorgeous isn't it gorgeous you understand what it means for me to take her out of my side now and I'm gonna
show you that kind of stuff I'm going to show it to you now we're going to to
Lucian to Lucian in the class IST will argue they will
say is this pseudo Lucian or is it Lucian right is this pseudo galin or is
it Galen oh God okay we'll go to the pseudo
Lucian or possibly Lucian personally I think it's real Lucian but we'll go to
this Source called the ass the
ass the ass we're going into lucian's pass tonight and we're going to pull out
something marvelous something marvelous are you ready are you ready to go into the
ass right everybody know get your ears on get your ears on would you be
surprised if I told you we were all going to watch some people get christed
tonight you've never been to one of these Services I told you I told you come on on Splash bags we're getting
them going we're getting them going are you ready it's all comes down to
this righto it's the verb it's the verb in
Greek and what is it for it's the verb to Christ it's the verb to Christ it's why
you call a Jesus a Jesus Christ or a Christ Jesus Jesus Christ Jesus Christ
Amon you didn't see that prayer coming did you okay let's do it it's all because of
this it's brought to you by this this verb here right can you tell from my body language I'm not that smart look
look it's all from this verb and this thing goes back it goes way back way
back what let's not go all the way back let's go halfway back where does it go where does it go it goes the io who is
IO she is the cow in oyas and she's yelling out and she's saying what kind
of oyr is christing me can you
see the vision of the minii God yeah yeah what is IO Who's name by
the way is a shout it's a sacred Shout out and what
is she saying she's dealing with the oysters she's dealing with the drive now
do you feel it can you feel that drive kick in like oh man this is life right
this is feel that vibration right you know what I mean wow this is life give me the next one give me the next one the
next Source where else can we see the Christ if you go way back into the
Odyssey you can see Christ in The Odyssey and what's going on it's
Odus look at the last word in the first line Greek students Odus
Odus Odus and what is he doing he's out looking for pharmacon he's out looking for drugs
yeah the kind that kill people why because he wants to Christ
his arrows he wants to Christ his errors do you see it's the first place
we find odys the first time what is he out doing he's out looking for the
substance that he's going to use to Christ his
Arrow where where did he learn that stuff you would think maybe Penelope was
some kind of Amazonian oh God he's whimpering a lot
though right they traded him around they the women traded him around oh those
Amazonian love it find all their stuff right it's coming they're finding all
stuff they're going to find I'm telling you it's at the bottom of the Black Sea just keep looking jent keep looking
ladies keep driving find us those tools
that they Ed the little pot you'll find little pots of stuff right preserve it analyze it oh God keep going it's so
fantastic when you know look people I'm going to bring you the dirty dirty right now are you ready this is lucians
ass and by the way there is a general form and a specific form of that
definite article right so um luci's ass is a
better much better title thank you very much I'll take that one but this is an excellent reader that was created by
some nerd classicist thank you very much thank you very much dudes at least
somebody Hayes and nimus are doing are doing something nice job nice
job so Pats off to you tonight that's what we're bringing oh love it give me
the next one give me the next one look I don't you don't have to buy a t-shirt you don't have to buy a t-shirt
right okay I'm GNA introduce you the first character who are we talking about we're talking about a py scaron named
palra do you want to show them po is you br name poyra what is a poyra it's a
girl right you see the root for child in
it um this is a 12year old
girl okay right okay and bring me back that
Greek what what's so um interesting about her well look at her name poite
istra you know what that means that means the place you go to
wrestle and wrestling and mother Greek go hand in
hand grip on grip this is poer we're talking about she's a
pisaron okay all right let's appreciate the anthropology of what's in the
language please hit me the next one um what what we say in the ass well
um here's what stop stop it's not meant to it's not meant to laugh right where
did I put my glasses I'm sorry here people look at me so yeah um so she's
laughing um there's a woman she says look here who are we talking about AB
brya right you don't need to worry about characters there's one character you got to worry about his name is Lucian and
Lucian what is he doing in life he's traveling he's a kid and he's traveling
to this region right um in order to investigate
witchcraft he really wants to know about the Witchcraft and what they're doing and by that I mean the phaa what is the
stuff they're doing because it's always involved with drugs and there are Lays
involved L I should say that's the plural there are Lacey that are involved
and there are drugs that we Christ do you know why we Christ right I'm going to show you a
troop of children led by an old dirty
dirty person what do we call these people the
canus is the ancient Greek word what is a cantis it's somebody who Danes the dance
of the bottom this there's an ass
involved he'll bring the ass to his
Mai his Apostles do you see what's going on did
you really want to see the right I told you tonight I told you it's it's scientifically
horrific scientifically horrific using the same language that you know who is
using the dude that was arrested in the public park at 4:00 a.m. with a naked boy what was his name
Jesus yeah Jesus what was he doing he was christing he was christing are you
ready are you ready for this give me the next Source or the one that we just we just when I got my glasses on yeah so
she's smiling this woman who's warning him because he's out looking for a witch you know she says look I got to warn you
she takes him by the hand she walks him away and she says you got to be careful watch out for yourself right because of the woman
right this gonik of hipparchus where he staying he says in every sort of way
this woman is talented you know he says she is a marus and a terribly
frightening one right why because she's Moos oh can you feel it out there what
is Mos yeah you know what I'm talking about you know I'm talking about uhhuh and who
is she MOS for she's mlos I want to read this
literally so that people don't send emails watch this people are you ready
who is she she's
Mo she's mlo for all of the boys right those beautiful boys she's a
mogus it says she puts her eyes on them eyes like a Huntress and if anybody ever
messes with her she totally avenges herself with this her Talent her skill
she turns these boys into pure animals pure
animals wait I got to you got to blow it up still she turns them into
animals but if she sees one of these kids and it uses the word techno in
there for the kid if she sees one dude is handsome right and she's trying to
convince Lucius she says you you're handsome right you're a kid what's GNA
happen you're going to be food for her ride this is a
pragma this is something anybody can put together it doesn't take a genius to put
this together look you're a kid just like she likes right you got to be
careful she's got the magic she will drug you she will drug
you she'll do something to you up here she'll change you right this is
Amazonian power bro why do you think odys is out looking for these arrows why
do you think he's out looking for this poison you know what this poison does to
you have have you ever seen an aroused Jesus Christ depicted in any sort of
medieval art how about classical as far back as we can go to the first century
what's the image of Jesus Christ that we look I'm gon to call this up from The
Ether what's this image oh I can smell it does anybody else smell the brimstone come here oh we spanking Jesus oh Jesus
Christ I love to spank thank you Jesus I see it in my mind's eye I can
see it I can see it it hurts him every time I do that you know as above so
below baby he spanks Jesus Martha oh my God
give me the next one what's going on what's going on somebody's getting naked right somebody's getting
naked we're gonna go to pyra we're going to go to that place of
wrestling what are those wrestling acmy what what are they dude they are the
places where we educate where we
educate what does he say here it's better look lucious he just wants to find out what the magic is he just wants
to find he wants to peep in and he ultimately gets led to peeping in as a
peeping lucious he's peeping in on watching what this woman is doing and
it's spectacular and he wants to have the Christ thing are you ready to watch or Christ yourself have you ever seen
somebody Christ themselves oh you're gonna be surprised Splash bags out here
we go give me the next one give me the next one okay so look at this Upon returning home he discovers poyra alone
and the two exchange amorous barbs planning a Rondevu after the Masters are asleep so
this is a teenage kid male and a 12-year-old girl
female and she is in the position of the slave she's in the position of the slave
this the assistant the house assistant to this master and his wife that uses
magic and so Lucian is like oh you know who's going to know that's part of what
that Greek said who who's going to know it's the things that they do right it's
the things that they do the slaves um this was above the slaves it's the things that they do um what do they know
what does slaves know look at that last line they know the both the good things
and those you know things that you want to keep secret that's what slaves
learn right fantastic let's see what poer does give me the next one
you're brilliant Lucian you're brilliant thank you watch it Upon returning on he
discovers poer alone and the two exchange Amorous barbs right and so what
what do they say they perceive that you know the husband and wife they're not the leaders of the estate they're not
there right they're they're asleep so okay good so what does he find her doing
Lucian finds her P sitting there and she's prep prepping for him uh some kind of little Ed
right some kind of treat some kind of dinner if you could only tell him you
could have warned him you could have warned him he's gonna end up a piggy pig
isn't he he is he is sh don't tell anyone don't tell anyone um blow it up
no do you did you bring piggy Pig I don't know um so what is she's preparing
him this nice heavenly banquet you know what I mean and he can't help it he sees her and he says oh God beautiful
poitra the way that you shake your bottom and your little pot it's
gorgeous the person that gets baptized in
you that is the most blessed
person macaros yeah he answer a little bit of
spin there on the end of it right so is the horror building up is the horror do
you feel the queasiness your eyes right they're open I'll keep dropping I'll keep dropping it
in the serum you need the serum bro we need to moisten those eyes can you moisten their eyes did you have an image
to moisten the eyes tonight chewy give us give us any kind of image you've got that made sense yes
glorious okay we're going to look into her eyes Now using the language that
Jesus is using we're going to draw Jesus out of this text we're going to draw him
out by using his language I'm going to show you what real christing
is within the right that's prevalent in the
first century fantastic give it to me give it to me we look we located the place and
everything okay so Luci comes up to his girl his young girl right and what is
she doing she's getting Mak she's making the meal and it's time it's time to move
beyond the meal and so what happens right lucian's looking for finding magic
and what does he find he finds that she has a very much insatiable appetite and
she's full she's full of charm right and who is she she's a corio
who is this girl a Kion can you show me what a Kion is a little
girl a maiden a maiden are you kidding me is this from what time period is this
do we always it's disturbance I think we get when we go through the victorians right does anybody smell it
smells a bit stale yeah love it okay let's let's let's keep going let's keep
going don't slow down don't down we've got to make it in time we've got to make oh I'm sorry go back to that there we go
so um she's a Kion right literally that's a diminutive from
C which is the m in so now you stepped into the Bronze Age this is where this
mystery cult that has a Christ is coming from fantastic and what is she say it now there's two conditional sentences
here for the greeklings two conditional sentences the first is a
future less Vivid followed by a fut uh future more Vivid oh my God gorgeous now
watch the first one here right she's all ready to go what does she say to him she says look you would run away oh boy if
you had a mind and a desire to
live but I this this is
full of fire and
steam okay this is full she's pointing to herself this is full of fire and
steam and if you touch it once what what is she talking about touching she's
talking about what he just mentioned the pot the pot notice I didn't translate
that the pot if you touch this pot once
you will burn that's what she says she says you will
burn right how are you going to be helped once you've been burned by coming back and taking the
painful burn again you know what she says give me the
next one she says she goes on I mean is anybody else scared did you think you were coming to a horror movie I think
it's I think it's coming we went to a horror movie how do we get there give me that one go ahead and give me the oh the
next one sorry you're right um by the way where do we see the Kion where have
we seen this girl before um remember the dude who had all the money who came to Jesus and he was
like dude right he he has position and power right so I'm assuming the money
was there too um but he comes to him he's like dude I've got a corion and
she's all like passed out sounds like Eyes Wide Shut doesn't it
I've got a Kion and she's all passed out it's one of these little girls and Jesus ends up going there right and he saves
her life right he says she's not dead right he brings her wakes her up
right because he knows what he's doing he's the one who uses the drugs that induce death and he told you he told you
evangelicals he told you that I'll give you drugs that induce death it won't
harm you was nobody listening when he was
doing the cult thing was nobody listening at what point did you not understand that christing is a drug
operation that makes you horny did you know that yeah it does
makes you horny that's what he says okay let's get into it let's see the let's see what they're doing what kind of
aphrodesiac are these Knuckleheads using in Christianity with Jesus oh my God
give me the next one give me the next one um we're going to talk about
touching and uh disciples here Apostles we're going to the apostles are telling
remember somebody's bringing Jesus Children you got to realize that um in order that he can hopto my them and I'm
going to show you somebody hop toing right you can hopto my in the
middle for yourself and that is what we are doing in the
text yeah to the Kion all right
okay there it is now you understand when they come to Jesus and they're like
okay got a coros that went down right you got to come you got to see what's going on man you know what I mean now
you understand okay fantastic hit me the next one hit me the next one so um what
happens now what happens now yeah so she says oh she's going on with her speech
she's talking about this is the Kion and now we're giving voice to the Kion tell us tell us what's going
on her name means the place where you wrestle well um what does she say she
says look I alone can burn you like this
right and paradoxically I am the one who will make
you to be in that state to be capacitated and the only therapy you're
gonna get is gonna be me even if somebody's chasing you with
rocks that's which I thought that's kind of that's kind of unique right throwing rocks at you get out of here kid get out
of here doesn't matter right it's because you want my
sweet sweet pain you want the antidote you want the antidote to the
mystery you want to get to that point you want that orgy in the classical
sense of an eye openening cult that gives you eternal life through a
savior and by Eternal I mean ionic through a
savior that's what you were looking for in lucian's
ass are you ready you'll understand what I just said as I show it to you now give
me the next one give me the next one isn't this classical literature fantastic now do you know why Julian
said don't let the Christians teach that they'll warp it they'll twist it and warp it and turn it into God ofage right
and all the art will get skinny people who are depressed your Society will be
depressed this is just Lucian saying hey um you're right about that man I saw you
from a distance I saw you coming from a distance and boy was I you didn't just
burn me I you turn me into a flaming Inferno and what' you do you put that
invisible fire which I thought was a neat way to describe some kind of uh
magical um process you put some invisible fire it sounds like something
somebody said me if I put an invisible fire into your eyeballs tell me because that's what he says that she's doing
she's filling them up especially in those little those little private naughty places the splankna remember do
we have to go back to the thing with Jesus and Mary Magdalene where he's
feeding her his his uh his uh seed after he has um entered into
self-pleasuring as the text tells us do we have to go back to that place we
don't have to go back to that place um we just went there and just recall it to
mind right look if you don't eat it we're going to die [Laughter]
who who thought take it down for a minute we who thought it was a good idea this dude comes out this dude comes out
and runs a takes this woman out into the back that later she was pardoned hundreds of years later she was pardoned
for possessing sex drugs right he's gonna he's gonna take her up
onto a hill and what does he do he starts pleasuring himself Jesus why are
there no paintings of Jesus Christ pleasuring himself because there are stories about it there are stories from
Antiquity about it how come that is that what the Canon was all about I want to
know the Theology of Jesus Christ pleasuring himself and then
eating it I want to know the psychology of that too because it's a little
unpleasant did you think you would see that you're you're I told you guys we're going to an ancient
right a mystery right okay let's watch them Christ each other are you ready I
don't know if they're ready for this bags on give me the next one boom and uh
what happens she says um you should remember young guy right
um You can't really um reach manhood like you're
reaching um without demonstrating your skill and
wrestling what do we have here is anybody
Disturbed is anybody Disturbed okay good good there's a little disturbance there
okay why is that because you're getting used to the picture that is the original
mystery the I've got a word for all the monks out there you can give me the next one I've got a word for all the monks
out there um um it's not fa boss but it might as
well be keep it there um who is he by the way she describes him as uh um at
least he you know he is one of those aees that would
attract the lady of magic who we know are using their sex drugs all the time
right sex drugs all over the place and who are they who are they gravitating
towards they're gravitating towards the AE the one who is arrived at
puberty okay so this is who Lucius is finally we see a description who is he he's an
AE and people who are christing are doing it for the sake of
access to the AES yeah well then you say what about
Jesus Christ he's got all of his AE students right with him that he's taken
from right off their parents' ships right so they could go um fish for
men right he's taking them right off of that right out of that life put them right into that
lasti right where the boys are being drugged right all of this is being made
possible through christing because christing makes you
psychotically horny disturbingly
horny right ever aroused ever aroused do you see what it
brings out you know what you can bring out of people you can bring demons out of them yeah Jesus Christ did it with
Mary seven times you should have seen it was
impressive why do you think why do you think we go there right stop you're going to scandalize
me okay when I read you the priest words of the ass by the way um yeah we'll get
there we'll get there um actually let's show it up now where's the where's the ass I'm looking
for the pick of the ass yeah there's one right right and you'll notice the head
of Jesus Christ is the head of an ass and you'll wonder to yourself what is
going on I'll tell you what's going on artificial intelligence is reaching into
the void and pulling out from it [Music] this because this is the image that we
first see of Jesus Christ see right Alexus there look what is he doing he's
he's worshiping on a ground hi Jesus right and there's Jesus on the cross you
like the cross right it's not a very sophisticated cross but remember this is graffiti and rock right what what the is
it is it yeah it's some scratched in there son of a right look at the look at
the last letter what is that well you know the first scratch that straight up he didn't mean to do that one right said
yeah and what is his head what is his head is that on plaster I'm not sure
what it's on it to be honest look what is his head I think it's Stone um it's a
the head of an ass the head of an ass why does Jesus have the head of the ass
I'm going to tell you the answer to that question which has never been answered
before I'm GNA quote it to you from the first century very popular very popular
ass story yes written by
priests love it love it is this the next one okay look people just so you don't
think that this is um the most you know
that it's my creation this you know when I keep telling everybody look you know the sex and the drugs are all part of
the mystery christing is christing yourself with a sex drug so you can be around boys okay um kitis right you
could be you can do the kitis thing Jesus Christ right okay fine look at the
just so you know it's just not me I want you to look at these at the wonderful
description they gave in this reader which is gorgeous I for all my students who've been through um the Intensive
course this you pick up this reader just swamp this website we got to list that
website and everything we'll do it later but um the love making scene of lucious and plra is filled with double on Tandra
okay involving military and wrestling metaphors the Greeks describe or the
Greek language loves to describe sexuality in the most Vivid of terms the
most Vivid of terms why look at what Lucian does
postra offers herself as the wrestler and they're going to wrestle
and she tells them exactly how she wants him to wrestle and he
wrestles and why does he wrestle cuz he really wants her to use the magic he
wants her to use the magic he wants her to use the
drugs right and he thinks he's gonna get there he thinks he's gonna get there
this way it's like a sacred path that he's on it's like a sacred
path a mystery purification now if you're surprised that Jesus Christ was
performing mystery purifications on a feed I am
sorry but the history is wrapped up in the language bra and it's easy to get it
there's no Theologian I guarantee you there's no Theologian alive who has ever read um Lo's ass to every Theologian out
there that gets my goat do we have Penelope anywhere that gets my goat it really really gets my
goat the cross must cover the s of
penelopy do you understand Jesus
Christ was in it using drugs to interact sexually with
AES right okay give me the next one let's look at more let's go deeper into
the S okay boom are you ready here we go here we go
oh do you know what's happening here okay so look she just tells him you got to prove yourself as a wrestler you
punk okay um so she strips down she strips down naked standing there totally
naked in front of him right and she sets things up she gets herself ready in
front of him and she says hey meon um do we have the next slide I
think is what a meon or did I not bring that one oh here it
is a boy a lad a stripping he is going to be
stripping but strippling okay we'll say it the strippings the stripping strippling
meon um so that's how she addresses him right it's you know clever give me the
next one um hey um meon uh take off your clothes and oil up
your part with the myrr uhhuh and you're going to do this
so that you can embrace your antagonist so you can embrace your
antagonist you know what that is that's wrestling you get oiled up when you
wrestle then after those two have wrestled you take that and you scrape it off of them and you can use that as a
drug yeah that's what they do that's how advanced this scientific knowledge is
look at it I know it's alien but look at it oh my God are you ready okay now
here's the everybody this is going to be as scientific as I can possibly make it
and I'm just going to paraphrase um she says I want you to put
me on my back on the bed and I want you to grab my legs and I want you to spread
them and I want you to rip me apart
okay okay that is the
translation that is what you have in the company of the
Stripling who is being inducted into the magic right of
Christ okay and what does she say oh my god um yeah let's go to the next one
let's go to the next one there's some other stuff there some details but it's quite you know it's quite um explicit
and I want to be as scientifically you know I want to remain as as pure as we
possibly can right and so what does she say he starts blabbing blah blah blah
right he starts talking during the wrestling and what she say she slaps him
in the face right he's like huh right and she says
what kind of wordy student Apostle have I taken what kind
of wordy Apostle do I now have right she slapped him in the
face right H why why is that part and parel
just wait the drugs are coming give me the next one give me the next one there's just a few things I want you to see
I want you to see that oh God so look what he says um we finished you know we
had all of this heathenism right we had all of this
child's play and I know I know when I say that oh I understand I understand it
causes a little just a tiny bit of nausea tiny bit of nausea but you need
to see what the Christ is doing you need to see what's going on he says the they
totally crowned themselves is it very colloquial right we totally crowned ourselves in this night Agony this night
struggle this night wrestling yeah and there was a lot of tret going on right there was a lot of
just pleasantness right so much of it that I forgot that I was supposed to be going
to Lissa right and then I'd come here right because I wanted to learn
I wanted to learn what did he want to learn so he turns to her he says hey um
baby right hey baby show me the Magic Woman right show me the woman who
changes her form show me that Queen right okay he wants her to show
him the magic and wait blow it up what does she say to him he cut well he
further said says you know this is something he's had on his mind for a long time he's had this image in her
head in his head excuse me and that he wants to fulfill this right he wants that magic give me the next slide he
wants that magic to come out of her he wants her to have the source and she tells him hey bro
right um you've got the wrong person right you've got the wrong
person he says um this is inserted this is in the wrong area here he's saying
actually give me the next one we're supposed to have the next one he's talking about the women talking about him right so he tells her he says you
know you you've got some great power going on baby because um ladies know
that I'm a virgin right ladies know it and they'll look at me and I'll avoid it but
you I couldn't I couldn't turn away from right I I couldn't turn away from that
vision right so he's like if you have this gift you know I want to know what
it is to fly right they think I'm atam
mantin right I want to know what it is to fly Give Me Wings and what what does
she say what does she say next um um oh god oh look at the last
worda righta what what is she doing she is a
soul Chaser a soul conveyor and what is she
doing um she's taking him into captivity with her eronic
Warfare her eronic Warfare okay now if you're looking an Amazonian in the face
this makes great great sense and there are Amazonian marks all over this right
who do you know a 12-year-old that's so forceful I mean she's smack smacking him
around she's drugging him what to sh what right and he's like look I want to
see the transformation I want to see the change are you ready for the change give
me the next one are you ready for the change that's coming poer protest she knows nothing of magic promises to
arrange a meeting between Lucius and her mistress right so pistro what does she say she says cut it out right we're
going to stop playing here right um what's this thing who's able to walk
this path to do the magic on Aeros right he's the lord of the art you
cannot overcome AOS with the magic it's
his bow it's his bow do you understand you cannot if if you haven't figured out
lady Babylon if you haven't figured out yet I'm going to pull you forward because a lot of people have figured
this out already AOS is the devil Aeros is the devil AOS is the
dawnbringer yes isn't that isn't that beautiful and so pous says look you know
calm down calm down you can't have that power right what does she say what does
she say I don't know the magic I cannot
write I haven't learned my writing why is that because the magic comes
through those spells the magic comes through the
prescriptions she hasn't gotten to that level yet of learning the art and she
says not only that but the lady of the house the one who can do it she's
totally jealous she's totally jealous of the skill and she keeps it guarded give me
the next one she doesn't let other people know about it right she just
practices herself she just practices herself right so um they go to look they
go to look at her and I just want you to see what she's doing
um they I'm not describing this from this passage I was reading ahead um what
are they doing uh they're going to watch the lady of the house then actually perform magic and of course what does it
start with it starts with her crising herself christing herself and she's
doing it by taking these boxes she's got a chest full of drug
boxes PES PES
PES she takes it out out and she takes this
ointment and an alabastron and she Christ herself she
Christ herself don't you wish you could have seen that Lucian did Lucian did he saw
the whole thing through a little crack he saw the whole thing he somehow got
the picture and what did he do he asked palra
um because she turns into a feathered night Raven isn't that
gorgeous a feathered night Raven and she flies off she flies off um here's some
of the stuff that's going on I want you to see the actual right look at the first line she's naked and she goes and
she gets these lamps and it's the same word that they're using in Revelation
for the lamps right it's the same word what she what do you do with these lamps
she takes two measures hondros Duo she
takes two of these measures of
frankincense and she puts it on the lamp
and standing there she talks over the
lamp she says many things and then she opens up her chest she takes out one of
these boxes right and she uses one of these drugs give me the next one what is she
doing with the drug what is she doing she creti it she christs
it she is a Christ she is a Christ remember this is
contemporary this is the Contemporary usage of christing at the same time that
the gospels are being recorded she Christ herself why did you
do it they asked the witch because my husband couldn't take me to the places that the devil
could my husband couldn't take me to the places that the devil
could my husband couldn't take me to the places my a devil could and let me tell
you something those of you are out there whose husbands can't take you to that place in your dreams in your dreams
oh I love it I love it can you feel that can you feel that ancient worship of
Aphrodite can you feel that it's got a buzz to it bonic Buzz to
it give me the next one give me the next one here we go it's after the Christ thing after the Christ thing what else
did I bring I just wanted you to see she's that night Raven I like that
koros that's where she becomes Koro
oh a night Raven okay cool give me the next one
give me the next one what are some of the others too bad we don't see the night Raven elsewhere give me the next
one um and look um what's Lucian doing at this point he can't believe what he's
saying he's like rubbing his eyes it says in here he says I can't believe my own eyes man did I see that was I
dreaming that right you know what I need poer you know what
I need I need you to give me wings I want to be look at the second to second
to the bottom sixth word
inan that's what he wants to be make me a Christ make me a Christ make me a Christ
with what with that pharmacon that you have at the bottom give that to me
I want to try I want to become the Maes do you see the draw when Jesus
walked up to Children he didn't just he didn't just say hey uh you know I've got some candy over in the corner he roped
them into situations where they were drugged and what does the drug do the
drug iseran and it causes you to be
aroused now the feminine side of this if if if I say aroused you're going
to think scientifically that's a man no knows the female to be put in a state
that they describe openly as insatiable sexual
appetite sexual appetite that persists
sexual appetite that drives
psychotically this is the oyster this is the oyst we get estris
from it right with cows you you ever seen a cow in
EST right they're into it and that's
what we're doing with the drug in the right in the first and second century on
a Dominy isn't that amazing isn't that amazing cover it up cover up the sin
please good job chewy that sin almost got got through there I'm glad you
covered up Praise Jesus put a cross on it buddy give me the next one give me
the next one what else is going on in the ass he says I want to be that
bird right so what let me just explain what happens quickly um so he has poer
Lucius has poer go in and get the drug only she gets the wrong one and he puts
it on and he turns into an ass he turns into an
ass he turns into an ass and what do you think happens to him
as an ass well he goes through a lot of Adventures but the one that really sticks out the one that you really need
to see for the sake of its ritual is the one where he ends
up with his donkey
Parts satisfying the
oyr of the woman who initiates
him satisfying the oyas look at how it's aimed look at how
the right is aimed if you thought that Christianity did not involve drugs you don't know
what a Christ is if you thought that Christianity didn't involve sex you don't know what a Christ
is I am here from the devil to bring you
your religion I'm showing it to you and don't worry Moses looks straight
into God's what
ass yeah yeah it's had a lot of power hasn't it it's a spark for
monism [Music] bruh it's a spark for
monism which by the way is coming for
everyone yes no the devil was laughing about that he was like because somebody wrote to me and said I want to know
about the vice president becoming candidate and um the devil thought that was
hilarious because look I told you we're here to stop tyrants and
tyranny tyrants do not
respect elections it doesn't matter what are you
magically thinking what are you magically thinking
are you thinking that she'll take over and they'll all go
away no the plague of the Tyrant lasts
until the very end of the [Music] Tyrant sick simper to ranus that's why
the Romans ran off the last king and they said never again there's something that the Greeks
and some of you are beginning to understand this there is something in
Greek society where the worst thing you can do as a human being is bend your
knee to a human you're that kind of person you're
that kind of person that loves tyranny you're willing to bend the knee you know what the Athenians would say about that
they used to give the Spartans a hard time you treat those you treat those be you treat those bastards like they're
kings that's your problem you don't have a democra what's wrong with you people you
don't even have any plays right why CU some people love
tyranny not you and I from Athens not you and I from Athens no no we follow
the oracles people we follow the system set up by the aana right she who is
Immortal she is worth bowing to yeah not a person not a person
congratulations you have your Yahoo orange
Yahoo son of Yahoo
God it's beautiful so don't think I can't say anything
about vice president I've got no I don't know I haven't studied anything about her I don't know anything about her
right um and I'm not interested because that will only be a show the tyrants
don't accept elections even if she wins right do you think it's just gonna
Tyrant just what's did tyrants go away did Hitler retire to
Florida no once you start down the path of tyrant you will end with the violence
that you have brought upon everyone else it's it's a natural cycle it's a
classical cycle yeah that is what we guard in a
museum we don't care about you know the politics the situation we're here for
the to watch The Tyranny oh love it love it yeah fantastic like it's G to matter
the devil's he's laughed at that for a long time you morons really think it's going to matter have you have you read
nobody have you totally ignored your ancestors what are you doing
America what are you doing gonna become a kitis aren't you
all you maggots bunch of
kid where is he bring him out where is that canius bring that kitis sound um
what's going on in this next oh here I want you to see just look at the second line here look people
Lacey right Lacey I told you remember Jesus said I'm not
lace well here they are here's an example what a Lacey do um well these
were coming back from an expedition around midnight middle of the night and
they didn't have any gold or silver right they didn't have anything prepared except for one little paros and she was
or horion yes what does that
mean just having come into season like a ripe fruit for the picking that's how
they looked that's how they looked at the development of the human body they looked at it in agricultural terms look
at her she's a fruit right she's a fruit and what are
they going to do to her they're going to pick the fruit they've already torn her clothes up and she's sitting there there crying tearing out her hair mommy right
she's crying for her mommy why is she crying for her mommy because
these Lacey these people that Jesus was hung
between which kind of makes you think if they put him up between two Ley he's probably one and that's probably why
he's denying it saying I'm not one these creeps have gone out and they've abducted a kid and they're going to do
things to her to turn her into a passive slave a sex
slave yeah yeah that's what you've got that's the history of the people who are
involved in the Christ thing and the magic yeah you will drink Death inducers
says Jesus and it won't hurt you really I guess I want to go
there now you're really confused give me the next one I thought you it was a good thing right I thought we were going to
be look what's going on what here's the Jesus saying look Jesus said to the
crowd you know how'd you come out here how'd you come out here with your swords and your clubs coming at me like I'm a
lay stay yeah did they send a SW when Jesus got arrested I want you to realize they
sent a SWAT unit after him they were not
kidding why because the same dudes that will kidnap a
girl a minor and the same dudes that will drug boys as
Apostles and strip himself naked and wash their feet while he's
naked that same dude is connected with
Weaponry yeah so you got to go out with a SWAT team right they know the warrant
was out for Jesus right and they were like here this kid that he's been drugging and molesting this kid will
show you right right this kid will show you H gives him a big kiss H here he is
H you know what the kiss of betrayal was for Jesus it wasn't for an innocent dude it was for a dude that drugged
children and the punishment that you have is being a servant of Christianity
I don't care if you believe it or not devil says you're all
slaves ding dong who's at the door who's at the door reality is at the door give
me the next one this is gorgeous isn't it what's going on Jesus says oh God he's in the garden he says oh my soul
it's all painful right it's all painful to the point of death it's when he's using you didn't realize it but Jesus is
using his death inducer he is christing himself in an attempt to stay alive
through the process and his buddies are so his children are so
drugged they can't wake up they keep falling asleep while he's doing
it yeah and he's doing it with that naked kid that he was arrested with the
the reason he raised he raised up his hands and said I'm not one of these sex
traffickers is because the those people end up getting crucified they don't care about
murderers you don't crucify thieves you crucify people who abduct
drug and commit heinous acts upon children that's who you crucify and your
Justice is knowing that Jesus Christ is one of
these and I'm sure there are many of you out there who want to say there's no way
that Jesus Christ was such a person not my Jesus Christ okay then deny deny that
he was arrested with a naked kid in a public park and the kid was bandaged on
his privates epig gumu is on his private parts bandaged the thing fell off when
he took off do you know what Jesus was sucking through that bandage
yeah Galan if you're not in the cult through these words because
everybody in satanic congregation has been here we have seen this cult in practice we have seen
it in the words of the Dead isn't that great the whole job here
was to find those ghosts that's the whole job what do you think Satan is in
charge of the under world for what do you think his power is it's over those
voices isn't that gorgeous and you're hearing it it's all we just sucked it out of lucius's ass go give me the next
one oh what happens what happens um look he says I want you to swear by the
Living God are you the Christos do you know what your brilliant theologians
have done with this cuz this is what Jesus is on trial for right they know he's St and they're saying just tell us
are you a Christos are you a
Christos right and somebody's gonna say oh there's a there's a definite article
there no there's a generic definite article right if you if you haven't read more than 50 lines of biblical Greek
you're not going to know that right but there is and he's saying are
you one of these christs these sons of God is that is that you is that what
you're doing right give me the next one give me the
next one JY did you you didn't fall asleep how does the Christ end up how
does the Christ end up Jesus remains silent the high priest said to him I charge you under the Oath by the Living
God tell us if you are the Messiah the Son of God now do you feel that we are
now in a back alley and you are being touched you're being touched by rabbis
from the first second third centuries and you know what they're doing you know what they're doing they're grafting on
their own tradition in order to acquire texts that
are originally Greek to put their own stamp on it they're back translating so you know we have all their jars with all
their Greek sources that they are translating miserably into Hebrew
ancient Hebrew which only has in seven to 8,000 word capacity and what are they jamming
Messiah did you know it's not in the Greek text that is an original Greek text of the New Testament and do you
know it's Christ it is not Messiah it has nothing to do with
Messiah right that is a lie it is a lie
and historical chunk of of propaganda stuck
in the time stream causing a slant causing a projection another
timeline to form where we all believe what was
planted Julian said don't let it happen man you've got to maintain vigilantly
those classical sources so that you know so that you know by the way this story
of Lucian tonight is brought to you by an earlier story of the ass that
everybody is following and why is everybody so interested in this ass why the ass is
transformed and eventually eating the
roses of the great one right she who you see on the beach when that F moon is out
that face right her power overcomes him and he eats a Rose and what happens he
sheds his asinine form he sheds his asinine
form yeah but before we get there he's going to have to encounter the people
here on the way who are training the boys the people who are
christing he's going to have to deal with them directly and in the form of a donkey he's brought to these
Apostles what I am telling you is so popular because in the first
century a great riddle was making its way making its way it was a riddle
from a helenistic priest of Apollo and in it he
talked about the ass that bore the gift
that through the serpent became your thirst Hil Satan Hil Satan that's
fantastic can you see it can you see it there give me a couple more we'll just finish up we'll just finish up um he
invokes Nemesis I just wanted you to see he invokes Nemesis and why does he invoke Nemesis because there are people
there's this old dude he's got all of these kids his Mai his Apostles and
what's he doing is leading them around in the way of the Syrian
mother God right T the on look at that
the Syrian mother God and what happens she um he's bringing them to these
Banquets what are they they're canid right they're they're the kitis who's
you know who's in company with other Apostles and what do they learn right
they learn to give their backsides
yes yeah there's a little dance to do the dance right if you're not doing the
dance it's because you're not in the mystery right so don't worry about it you're not in the mystery give me the
next one boom we've only got a couple more
and then I'm gonna hit you with something so um yeah okay
so they come up to this house of filibus right and what happens the old pervert
lace St says he's got his crowd of boys in the in the house and he looks in the
door and he yells at him he says oh Kia why is he calling all these teenage
boys young girls why is he calling them ladies right what he says he's got
something for him something real good and what is he what is he bringing to
his Canon there you see it in the genitive plural what is he bringing them he's bringing them that
donkey he's bringing them remember the centaurs that we talked about these are
men who are part horse okay we got a mental picture men
who are part horse if you didn't read the Bible you didn't see in the Book of Ezekiel that
we've got two Kia two young girls who were there and
what are they doing they're looking at the pictures of the Egyptian men and what do they do they go down to
Egypt why do they go down to Egypt because they wanted partake in the
mystery they want to be involved in the mystery this is Ezekiel dirty dirty
dirty Prophet talking about dirty dirty mystery okay give me the next one does
it bother you that the Bible is so graphic you should you um they want us all to start learning the Bible here in
the states right we're gonna we're going to start learning the Bible um here's more ask for you are you ready a foreign
lady pays to be able to sleep with Lucius now this woman comes out of nowhere and I say woman
hesitantly hesitantly because she's really not a woman right and we'll see that in a
minute what does she do she says look she's got a lot of money I'll just he says she's got a lot of money you know
what I mean and um she's burning man she's burning what does she do she sees that ass and she says oh my God can I
rent your ass for one night and the guy's like sure sure you can so she ends
up with the ass in a chising situation
in a chising situation where he can confesses where the ass confesses give
me the next one where he confesses what does he confess oh God where is it look at the
very bottom line look at the very bottom line he confesses that the
to so the crism of the myrr has done what to him it's in the
next has done what what has it done oh there it is right
right it's put him into a position it's put him into a position
and he's describing oh this is this is a later description I know what I did I took this from later but he first
describes what the crism does and it does for him it puts him into a place
that he sees he sees that woman slash
Kion he sees her as an agent that attracts
him he sees her as beautiful and how does he do that he does that by means of
the crism by means of the christing do you want to see that remember when you
go to a temple and the temple Priestess in this Healing Temple is bringing you
to the place of climax under the influence of drugs right I'm not talking just men um
because the women are doing it in groups okay so when you come to the
Pinnacle of that biological act under the influence of their drugs the point
is to bring you healing to bring you healing and when you see that Priestess
Through The Eyes of the drugs she becomes that beauty that absolute Divine
beauty isn't that interesting they're using sexuality and drugs within
Christian right right this is where Jesus is coming
from okay now you know what a Christ is right I think that was give me that last
one again I just want to remember what was the relevance oh um yeah so what
does he do he turns un asine he eats the rose turns back into human he's got to
explain to people he says this lady servant what did she do she gave me this
Christ thing this magical Christ thing oh
seriously yeah and he goes on to blame her he goes on to blame her for having
created this transformation in him right um and uh then you know happy ending
he's lost his shell well I want to tell you why that was so prominent a theme
this very very popular popular author talked about that and when you look
into um the transference of Youth right here's the here's the thinking okay so
now you've got we're we get back on the ship we're going to go back we're going to go back to our time and space and um
when it gets down to it then when you're looking at that right you have to ask
yourself what is happening what is happening in the people that are participating both the child that is
being indoctrinated drugged and you know I forgot to tell you but these kids
these canido these disciples what do they do they cut off their testicles
right they cut off your testicles you know there's not a there's not a lot
going on down there right um there's not a lot of testicular
development so you were created in for the sake of the mystery your disciples
have to be that proper that proper vessel that proper vessel right remember
Jesus with Mary up in the mountain and he's like look you got to eat this and he he masturbates right in front of her
right um that kind of approach is the same route that you see it's the same
approach you see on um the side of this
asinine cult right it's the same root you see in it she
poyra right is affecting that real very real magic he only has to be transformed
to learn to get to the point that he's born again right this is the mystery religion
of the first and it's coming to us through an
Apollo's priest within the written
word yeah through mother Greg thank you for coming tonight thank
you for coming um I guess here's what we'll do I want chewy to play the exit but I'm not leaving because I'm leaving
I'm going to go get the drill instructor for those of you who are working steadily through we're going to look at
some things from unit three so um go ahead and hit the outro please
Purple Med work you we on the triple beam 1212 seashells by the ton Athena's
love rubber dub dub I'm flipping tables cashing checks take it to the bank at
the gates of Babylon The Wolf Man regulates Avalon Avalon lady media lapis
lazuli lines the walls The Muse sings with me extra illumination for the
vibration I have under me the knowledge of our Genesis Crystal Towers The
Punisher Frank Castle Purple Rain for the Muse I sing her favorite song All
Night Long no stems no seeds that you don't need got a bag of goodies ice
creamy cream hail Satan close My Eyes
Forever coming through In Waves powerhouse on the hill
House of Frankenstein Darkness through dreams I Dream of
Genie high purple but this you work you
high purple high purple high Purple Med she work you high
purple high purple high purple you work
you high purple High purple high
purple you work you high purple hot
purple hot purple baby H purple all right you've come here
if you're watching almond in Black you've come here because you've been working through
units one and units two and the folks from your laboratory have contacted me
and I think everything everything was coming along swimmingly at least um from
what I saw I got to go back and go over that but um I want you to know people are working hard Nancy's working hard um
all boy is working hard and making videos for you to be walking yourself through the process we've gone through
and I can't forget fish and whoever else is currently involves the TA excuse me
we'll promote you actively later you're doing a fantastic job and keep it up
keep it up fantastic give me the first thing that we're gonna have to look at you people have been motoring through
one and two units one and two and you have seen that unit two was about verbs
unit three is the second half of your verb section and we have learned some
tenses in our verbs we learned the present o we've learned the imperfect on
we've learned the future o we've learned
theist okay those are all tenses now we're going to learn the perfect and the
pl perfect the last two tenses that we're going to look at and then we're
going to look at using a different mood this is all indicative that you've
learned so far it's all indicative what is indicative it is just a simple
declaration I go to the store I will go to the store
I went to the store simple declaration what do the subjunctive and the Optive
moods do that's what we're going to start working with so I've got to teach
you the Optive and subjunctive morphology I want you to see the
morphology and we're only going to be talking about two tenses with the Optive and optative and subjunctive excuse me
we're going to be talking talking about the present and the arist why is that
because when you switch out of the indicative mood the verb just hear it the verb loses its
sense of time and gains a very strong
aspect aspect and what is the aspect it's whether or not the verb is being
done habitually whether or not it's a simple event whether or not it's an ongoing act
or whether the perfect aspect is an act that has already been done that is you
are in a state the perfect tense is you are in a state of having done something
that doesn't sound like a past tense to me it doesn't it doesn't sound like I did or was doing it sounds like I have
come to a place where I am done and that's exactly what the perfect is it's from its aspect the verbs have aspect to
them great fantastic this is the morphology you need to learn from unit
three here are the endings of the perfect and you say wait a minute it's
just like the it's just like the arist except for the third person plural
instead of an is AI isn't that nice and look there's a new movable after in the
third person singular and the third person plural there's a new movable there good you can tack that on the end
when you get a vowel that follows it in the next word good and here are the examples of I have educated you have
educated he she it has educated etc etc pep people this tense the perfect is
formed from the fourth principal part the fourth principal part okay so all
you do is remove the ending of the fourth principal part right you're going to take off that and you got your stem
and you just add all of these endings to it good give me the next one which is
the pl perfect PL perfect here we go and what is the pl perfect well you just
take a perfect I have done it right P right you just take that and you add
an Epsilon augment on the front of it to change it from I have taught to I had
taught I had taught it's completed in the past so you
got a past augment on the hug in the front of the verb and you've got that
ending now and here's your endings look at the morphology AA M
and a a m andan those are your PL
perfects right epel right I had taught
good good now let's move on those are the two tenses you've got to learn in unit three and then we've got couple
couple other things here is your subjunctive ending now I'm only going to give you two tenses the present and the
arist and here are the present and the erist endings for the subjunctive they're the same in both tenses the only
difference is you use the first principal part for the present and you use the third principal part for the
arist and that's how you'll be able to tell and that's why I tell people we've got to memorize all our principal parts from
the chapter right luo elusa Lea Lumi
eluan at least remember that one that one good if we're in class together and
there's nine of you I can call on you I can say what are the you know identify
this verb is it first person singular what is it right you can you can say what it is we can drill each other right
so here's the present subjunctive do the next one um and I also brought along and
remember the arist is going to be the same it's going to be the same endings so now we go to the Optive the present
Optive and the arist Optive the present Optive is going to have different looking endings from the aist Optive
here the present you should be saying that to
yourself o o o
isn't that beautiful and so you just add that ending to a present stem p and you
get p on me isn't that nice okay now don't worry about what it means I just
want you to be able to reproduce the forms o o o o o o and if I yell at you
in a classroom if I yell at you what are the present optative endings you'll say
o o o o o o o o give me the next one what about the aist
endings well they're close look they look a lot like the present optative but
the arist Optive instead of having the Omron as their preferred vow they've got
the alpha just like all the other arist have an alpha iy ice I
IM ion and I want you to notice there's variance for the second person singular
third person singular and the third person plural they're variant
okay so you got to be aware of that if you want to memorize one Paradigm memorize all the alphas don't memorize
the variance with them so at least you've got that I me ice I I'm an i to
ion good now uh next chart is going to just give us some vocabulary and I want
people to be working when they work on sentences I want them to be working on vocabulary too what is an Aon right what
is aot Allah what is and what is oh don't be so virtuous right do you
have a ronin retain their a even though they lose their lord isn't that nice
it's kind of virtue kind of virtue then you got a counsil after that Bole then
you got the verb right look at the principal parts people and compare it to Lu Gra
right now we've had the first four principal parts you'll learn what the fifth and sixth are later when we get
into passives but for now all we've got to know are those first four principal
parts fantastic um damos we got lots of people there
democra right when somebody asks you what is is Christian is uh democracy a
Christian word you tell them no it's not it's a much older Greek Pagan word you
don't have to say Pagan it sounds B classical word right CU pagans do funny things don't modern pagans annoy the
hell out of me Dia is a preposition right and by the way all you have two
pages of notes after these vocabulary um pages and they'll tell you
things like you know D look it can mean through and that's where we get the meaning diameter right that's where we
derive diameter from what is diameter it's that measurement through the center
right fantastic oh love it love it uh it's not the circumference right that's
the runs around oh those stupid Romans anyway look at the verb at the bottom
thth look at that perfecta all you got to do is add your
a and you can you can say I have sacrificed you have sacrificed he she
has sacrificed etc etc we you they fantastic that is what you have to
know for that this much of that unit the
rest of the unit we're going to talk about a couple of constructions we're going to talk about how to use the
optative and the subjunctive and I want to ease into that
I want to give you a little bit of time to catch up on your morphology and I want to give you an assignment please
this is Magic are you ready for the seven people who just left they're going
to miss it right so here's a this is a secret are you ready I want you to read
Ides Baki together with Lord Bon's way of Cain
together with Oscar Wild's salom when you do that you get the whole
image thank you for coming tonight I want to say that I'm going to go forward
with bailing on Jaba and try to strike out on my own I'm
going to try to do it and if I can if I can keep the electricity on and um keep
the pizzas in the oven um I'll be happy so if if you think you have what it
takes to be in a class like that and that you're going to persist and have some have some gumption right not see
how hard it is oh Mommy right if you really are out there and that's the kind
of student that I want and many of you have written to me right so this is your
opportunity to do that and um I appreciate it I appreciate it so I'm
looking forward to some applications and we'll see we'll see next Tuesday now I've got a decided time and I will let
you know on Friday the time that will work best and if you can state and your
application your preferred time on Tuesday or Thursday make sure you give a Zone make sure you give a Zone like
where you live right so that you know because we don't all live in the same place um yeah so I'm looking forward to
it I'm looking forward to it really and I'd like to have it gives me an opportunity to whip together a platoon
that can that can do Special Forces type stuff I love it I love it with Mother
Greek okay we're gonna we're going to rock every everything and by the way I think we've totally destroyed the Percy
stops I think we've overloaded it with so much traffic I don't think the old thing was capable of of handling it all
okay um which is a great sign it's a great sign to everybody involved everybody involved what I want you to do
for next week is to finish the description that we get of the grammar in unit three and I want you to start
the exercises we'll go through all those exercises you will have a test next week
we'll just be exercises you will have a test after we complete the exercises so
not the session coming up but the session following that fantastic love it
and that test will allow you to set your benchmark and the book is set up to do this for you right so if you're
following along if you're one of the many people who are following along and wrecking Wrecking this class right
you'll know exactly from the exam where you stand please study your
vocabulary memorize your paradigms so that you're saying them in your sleep and pissing off your
family and uh thank you thank you keep working hard and let's make let's make
your brain huge hell
Satan trip two seashells by the ton Athena's love rubber dub dub I'm
flipping tables cashing checks take it to the bank at the gates of Babylon The
Wolf Man regulates Avalon avalone lady media
lapis lazuli lines the walls The Muse sings with me extra illumination for the
vibration I have under me the knowledge of our Genesis Crystal Towers The
Punisher Frank Castle Purple Rain for the Muse I sing a favorite song
all night long no stems no seeds that you don't need got a bag of goodies ice
creamy cream hail Satan close My Eyes
Forever coming through In Waves powerhouse on the Hill House of
Frankenstein Darkness through dreams I Dream of Genie high Purple Med you working
C High purple high purple high
purple you work you high purple high
purple high purple you work you high
purple high purple high purple you work
you high purple high purple
High purple baby high purple